[Music]
does anyone have any gum
I know it's in here somewhere you know
what I'm good I'm good yes hi is Rachel
here I'm her sister oh my god introduce
us and you know Monica and Ross and
that's Phoebe and that's Joey yeah you
do
[Applause]
which which sister is this spoiled one
or the one that bitter you know what I
said to him I said I'm gonna hire a
lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take
all your money and then I'm gonna cut
you off Wow
what did you say he said he wouldn't pay
for my lawyer then he told me to come
here and learn about the value of money
from the one daughter he's actually
proud of did you hear that we did its
proud of me it's part of me what did you
do that made dad cut you off okay I
bought a boat you bought a boat yeah but
it wasn't for me it was for a friend
why don't we make friends with the wrong
sister joke hey I think this is the best
thing that we have ever happened to you
I mean you've needed to get on your own
anyway and you know when I did it at
first I was scared but then look at me
now I am the only daughter the dad is
proud of okay well this is this is what
you're gonna do you're gonna get a job
you're gonna get an apartment and then
I'll help you and you can stay with us
right babe she could stay with us of
course yeah oh that's so great
okay I'm really gonna do this I don't
know how to thank you guys oh I like
cars it's what you get I wanted our
apartment pants apartment pants yeah
you've never heard of him no of course
I've heard of them Ross would you get Oh
God yes this a pashmina yeah all right I
love these babies
really mm-hmm Ross what's a pashmina
that's a rug Jill I'm sorry Rachel ooh
oh come on you really think that's gonna
work on me I invented that right and I
am sorry all right it's okay one little
setback is okay but just don't let it
happen again all right nuthin's danny
paid for all this stuff I should take it
all away but I'm just gonna take the
pashmina and the NDF pants you know I'm
just gonna take it all away because that
way you'll just really learn the lesson
well I'm gonna run a couple of errands
and I will see you at dinner
stop yeah everything but the little blue
one oh my gosh that was so lame like a
pashmina Kivu rug what I said about the
apartment pants hair done was I
we asked you in high school
oh stop no you okay why don't I sit here
and then you'll both stop it
[Music]